---
layout: archive
title: "CV"
permalink: /cv/
author_profile: true
redirect_from:
  - /resume
---

{% include base_path %}

Education
======
* B.E. in Information Security, University of Science and Technology of China, 2021-now
<!-- * M.S. in Jekyll, GitHub University, 2014 -->
<!-- * Ph.D in Version Control Theory, GitHub University, 2018 (expected) -->
* Major GPA: 3.59 /4.3 Overall GPA: 3.47 /4.3 TOEFL: 94 /120
* Core Courses:
  Data Structure and Algorithm: 92 /100, Compiler Theory: 87 /100, Operating System: 86 /100 (lab: 60 /60), Algorithm Analysis and Design: 90 /100, Principles of Computers and Embedded Systems: 85 /100, Design and Practice of Information Security I: A+, Computer Network: 92 /100

# Honors and Awards

- **DAS Scholarship**, USTC & DAS-Security Inc., Nov. 2023
- **Outstanding Student Scholarship**, *Bronze Prize*, USTC, Oct. 2023
- **Zhang Zongzhi Science and Technology Scholarship**, USTC, Oct. 2022

Research experience
======

* **Robust DNN Watermark against Spatial Exploition**
  * Aug. 2023 - now: Intern in *Zhang Weiming's Group, USTC*
  * Brief Introduction: Provided a watermark that countered cropping attacks and spatial exploition.
  * Duties included: 
    * Proposed a watermark recovery module based on image hiding, designed to restore information-embedded images subjected to cropping and spatial manipulation.
    * This module can seamlessly integrate with existing information hiding-extraction networks, thereby enhancing their robustness.
    * Completed training on the reproduction of related research and developed the code for the module framework as proposed by coworker.
  * Supervisor: Research Associate [Kejiang Chen](http://home.ustc.edu.cn/~chenkj/), Professor [Weiming Zhang](http://staff.ustc.edu.cn/~zhangwm/)
  
* **Research on Diffusion Model Watermark**
  * Oct. 2023 - now: Independent Research in *Zhang Weiming's Group, USTC*
  * Duties included: 
    * Learned the principles of diffusion model in depth, and investigated works involved in embedding watermarks on images generated by diffusion models.
    * Tried to design a guiding map to use the probability distribution information in the diffusion process of the Diffusion Model to optimize subsequent watermark embedding.
  * Supervisor: Postdoctoral Researcher [Zehua Ma](https://mzh045.github.io/), Professor [Weiming Zhang](http://staff.ustc.edu.cn/~zhangwm/)


Projects
======
* **Tiny-C compiler**  
  * Oct. 2023 - Nov. 2023: Course Project of *Compiler Theory*
  * Developed a simplified C compiler in C, implementing lexical analysis, syntax analysis, and Intermediate Representation (IR) generation for the Tiny-C language.
  * Supported key C language features in Tiny-C, including assignment, arithmetic operations, while loops, and if-else statements.
  * Utilized GDB for debugging C programs compiled with GCC on x86-64 Linux systems to understand register calls and system-level operations.
  
* **Reinforcement Learning Algorithm** 
  * Nov. 2023 - Dec. 2023: Course Project of *Algorithm Analysis and Design*
  * Implemented a **Deep Q-Network** to solve the 0-1 Knapsack problem, where a neural network learned to maximize the value of items selected within a weight limit.
  * Utilized experience replay and **$\epsilon$-greedy** strategy for efficient learning and exploration-exploitation balance.

Competition Experience
======
Team member of *USTC-NEBULA*  major direciton:  *Steganograghy and Forensics* ,  *AI-Security*
* Top 3rd (1%), TPCTF, Tsinghua University & Peking University, Nov. 2023
* 3rd Prize (top 10%), Hackergame, USTC, Nov. 2023
* 3rd Prize in competition area (top 20%), National College Student Information Security Contest, China, June. 2023
* 3rd Prize (top 20%), D^3CTF, Alibaba Inc., May. 2023

Skills
======
* Programming Language: Python, C/C++, html/css, $\LaTeX$, SQL
* Platform: MacOS, Linux, Windows
* ML Framework: Pytorch, Tensorflow

<!-- Publications
======
  <ul>{% for post in site.publications %}
    {% include archive-single-cv.html %}
  {% endfor %}</ul> -->

<!-- Talks
======
  <ul>{% for post in site.talks %}
    {% include archive-single-talk-cv.html %}
  {% endfor %}</ul> -->

Teaching Assistant
======
  <ul>{% for post in site.teaching %}
    {% include archive-single-cv.html %}
  {% endfor %}</ul>

Service and leadership
======
* Group leader of the class study group
